Add symbols and tuples concept and exercise (#685)
exercism/crystal: concepts/symbol/about.md

# About

[Symbols][symbols] are named identifiers that can be used to refer to a value.
Symbols are created through a symbol literal, which is by prefixing a name with a `:` character, e.g. `:foo`.
They also allow for being written with quotes, e.g. `:"foo"`, which allows, for example, spaces in the name.

```crystal
:foo # => :foo
:"foo boo" # => :"foo boo"
```

> Symbols are used in many places in the language, including as keys in namedtuples, to represent method names and variable names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Symbols are used in many places in the language, including as keys in namedtuples and to represent method and variable names.
```

I think this is what you intended, but I may have misunderstood.

## Symbols in Crystal

> Symbols in Crystal is quite different from Ruby.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Symbols in Crystal are quite different from Ruby.
```

> In Crystal is a symbol a form of constants and is thereby is assigned at compile time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Crystal a symbol is a type of constant and is thereby is assigned at compile time.
```

This means that symbols can't be created dynamically, which is possible in Ruby.

> Symbols in Crystal is represented as an `Int32` which makes very efficient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Symbols in Crystal are represented as `Int32`s which makes them very efficient.
```

## Identifier

> What makes symbols different from strings is that they are identifiers, and do not represent data or text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What makes symbols different from strings is that they are identifiers and do not represent data or text.
```

This means that two symbols with the same name are always the same object.

```ruby
"foo".object_id # => 60
"foo".object_id # => 80
:foo.object_id # => 1086748
:foo.object_id # => 1086748
```

## Conversion

Symbols can be converted to strings but not vice versa.

> This is because symbols are created at compile time, and strings are created at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is because symbols are created at compile time and strings are created at runtime.
```

```crystal
:foo.to_s # => "foo"
```

[symbols]: https://crystal-lang.org/reference/syntax_and_semantics/literals/symbol.html

> [symbols-api]: https://crystal-lang.org/api/Symbol.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I think this is unused
